handbook: update outdated version references (#630)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: documentation/content/en/books/handbook/cutting-edge/_index.adoc

|`stable/_X_`
|

> The Release version plus all additional development on that branch. _STABLE_ refers to the Applications Binary Interface (ABI) not changing, so software compiled for earlier versions still runs. For example, software compiled to run on FreeBSD 14.1 will still run on FreeBSD 14-STABLE compiled later.

Reviewer: Sorry it took so long, here's the idea so we don't have to do this anymore:

```suggestion
The Release version plus all additional development on that branch. _STABLE_ refers to the Applications Binary Interface (ABI) not changing, so software compiled for earlier versions still runs. For example, software compiled to run on FreeBSD {rel-legacy} will still run on FreeBSD {rel-legacy-major}-STABLE compiled later.
```
